doc(openid-connect): clarify that OIDC is only supported for the Apache web server (#7135)
FreshRSS/FreshRSS: docs/en/admins/16_OpenID-Connect.md

This is one of the [access control methods](09_AccessControl.md) supported by FreshRSS.

OIDC support is provided by the [mod_auth_openidc](https://github.com/OpenIDC/mod_auth_openidc)

> Apache module. OIDC is not supported on web servers other than Apache.

Reviewer: The formulation is not exactly true. OIDC in FreshRSS is supported by any Web server that implements an OIDC module. I have not investigated whether any Web server implements it though, besides Apache.

Reviewer 2: Indeed, I would remove that last sentence or rephrase it as something like "this documentation only covers Apache"

Reviewer: @Frenzie What about https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/pull/7135#discussion_r1895586597 ?

Reviewer 2: That works.

> Apache module. OIDC is not supported on web servers other than Apache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache module. OIDC is not supported on Web servers other than Apache.
```

> OIDC support is provided by the [mod_auth_openidc](https://github.com/OpenIDC/mod_auth_openidc)
> Apache module. OIDC is not supported on web servers other than Apache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OIDC support is provided by the Apache module [mod_auth_openidc](https://github.com/OpenIDC/mod_auth_openidc).
This documentation is about OIDC as available in our official Docker image, or when using an Apache Web server.
```

What about this formulation, @aftix ?

Author: This wording seems clear to me.
